A really simple mobile website that tracks the amount of jerseys or hoodies given out to kids in a soccer program. This website will be provided to our coaches and will have buttons for all the different sizes that we offer (4xs 3xs 2xs xs s m l xl 2xl) for jerseys and (s m l xl 2xl 3xl) for hoodies. our coaches give jerseys to parents in high pressure moments so they rarely track which sizes they gave out. the goal is for players to simply push the button on the corresponding jersey size they sold so we can track jersey inventory. I will provide information of how may jerseys are currently in our inventory by manually counting. then it will all be tracked through the app. i should also have authorization to add bulk orders of jerseys in case we make an order. Coaches will not have this access.

A few more suggestions:

Remove the "x given" counter for the Jerseys and Hoodies page, keep it for the admin.
Make the size icons smaller on the Jerseys and Hoodies page to all fit on one mobile screen (don't allow for scrolling)
Change the tab icons to be an emoji of the tab (for example use 👕 for jerseys) keep the name of the tab below the icon as is.
We have three different locations for our academy, Irvine, Garden Grove, and Yorba Linda. Please add a tab on the top of the jerseys page and of the hoodie page that allows coaches to toggle through different locations. Keep Irvine as default location for first time users and always keep the location selected last as the current. meaning if a coach selected yorba linda, stay on the Yorba Linda page everytime they open the app, until they select something different.
The current color theme is green for jerseys and blue for hoodies. make the color theme the same for jerseys and hoodies but make it light blue/turquise for Irvine, Orange for Garden Grove, and yellowish/golden for Yorba Linda. I have attached an image of the expected colors to use for each location.
Add a feature to confirm size selection before adjusting the inventory. So when a coach selects a size, It would say something along the lines of "Confirm the following size: xs" and the coach would hit that button to finalize. This will also allow coaches to select multiple sizes and multiple quantities of sizes at once. and then they confirm all selections at once.
For the admin page, allow toggling through different locations too and also show one master tracker that is a total of all inventory in all locations.